as a leader, I believe in empowerment. There are some things that I believe
that at my level the senior chief lead level, the senior enlisted
leader level, um that I could take care of and make sure that the
x o and see O are very involved and informed. However, I do believe
that the empowerment of my my lpo, uh, my junior sailors empowering
them, delegating different things down to them and giving them a chance
to be the leader that I know there could be. Um I'm really into
that African proverb. Each one teach one. And in order for them to
be, uh, to be in my position one day, they have to work me out of a
job. So I do believe in sharing o. R. Delegating so that it comes back
to me. And then it's a training, uh, a training, a teachable moment
as well